Updated note re: storage support - UPM-1936 - EDB Cloud (#1845)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/edbcloud/beta/getting_started/03_create_cluster.mdx

8. Select the region where you want your cluster to be deployed in the **Region** field. For the best performance, EDB typically recommends that this region should be the same as other resources you have that communicate with your cluster.
9. Enable or disable high availablity using the **High Availability** slide button. High availability is enabled by default. When high availability is enabled, clusters are configured with one primary and two replicas with synchronous streaming replication. Clusters are configured across availability zones in regions with availability zones. When high availability is disabled, only one instance is provisioned. See [Supported Architectures](../overview/02_high_availibility) for more information.
10. In the the **Instance Type** section, select the number of vCPUs and amount of memory you desire.
11. In the **Storage** field, select the type and amount of storage needed for your cluster. 
   !!! Note

>        The supported storage types for the Preview include all Azure Premium SSD types. See [Premium SSD](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/disks-types#premium-ssd) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       EDB Cloud currently supports Azure Premium SSD storage types. See [the Azure documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/disks-types#premium-ssd) for more information.
```
